Address 163 (#164)
lamps-wg/cmcbis: draft-ietf-lamps-rfc5272bis.md

The id-ad-cmc OID is used when the subject offers certification
services using the CMC protocol.  If the CMC services are available

> via HTTP or FTP {{Sections 2 & 4 of CMC-TRANS}}

Author: ```suggestion
via HTTP or FTP {{Section 2 of CMC-TRANS}} and {{Section 4 of CMC-TRANS}}
```
